Leakiness Description (#1760)
NREL/OpenStudio-HPXML: Changelog.md

__New Features__
- Adds inputs for modeling skylight curbs and/or shafts.
- Allow qualitative infiltration inputs with `AirInfiltrationMeasurement/LeakinessDescription` and `BuildingConstruction/YearBuilt`.
- Central Fan Integrated Supply (CFIS) mechanical ventilation enhancements:
  - Allows modeling systems with no strategy to meet remainder of ventilation target (`CFISControls/AdditionalRuntimeOperatingMode="none"`).
- HVAC Manual J design load and sizing calculations:
  - Adds optional inputs and outputs for blower fan heat and piping load.
  - Miscellaneous improvements.

>   - Adds optional `InfiltrationMethod` input to specify which infiltration inputs to use for manual J load calculations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Adds optional `HVACSizingControl/ManualJInputs/InfiltrationMethod` input to specify which infiltration method to use for manual J load calculations.
```
